Okay, so I decided to make the website more interactive, such that notifications would come in without needing a page reload. Can't be that hard right? I've already read and skimmed the official laravel docs several dozen times already, so I more or less know where to look when I need something. I know that PHP isn't the best platform for interactive websites such as chat applications, but I've gathered before that laravel has something like events, notifications, broadcasts that would support such use cases.

First, I have to ponder thrice if I really need to use pusher or redis/socket.io just for a simple feature of not needing to do a manual page reload. If I am not careful, I could end up with a crapload of node module dependecies. I also considered the option of using SSE instead, but I still need to use redis or something anyway. I may also need to add some other features anyway that needs some pubsub functions, so investing sometime learning laravel's broadcast events is worth the effort.

For economic reasons, I chose redis/socket.io over pusher. I've been trying to avoid having to depend on nodejs, but in this case, the website could still run without having the socketio server (laravel-echo-server) running. It wasn't hard to get the dependecies working, but I had to spend several hours more reading the documentation back and forth how it all fits together. Sometimes I wonder if I am really literate...

Initially, I was confused how I could wire events and listeners to notifications, and wondered if triggering events from a listener would cause an infinite loop.
