
I dawdled mostly in the morning since my workstation still wasn't returned from the meeting room yesterday. Luckily, the meeting room was open, and I asked the guy who was fiddling with the fax machine or something who's in charge of the room with a really expensive teleconferencing equipment, and he pointed to the women behind the glass pane. I asked permission to retrieve my crusty workstation back to my workden, and permission was granted without a fuss.

I accidentally took a VGA cable with me that was used on the projector, and it seems the power cable was missing, so I fetched one from computer laboratory 4.

For a change of scene, I've implemented the autologout feature in the cyber room,  and partly because I still had no Internet connection in my usual workarea. I also took the chance to move my main source repository from bitbucket to github. I also tried building the project from scratch so I could document the os package dependencies needed.

Lastly, I don't know if I should bother mentioning this, but I actually slept through my probability and statistics prelim exams. It was a long tiring week, I barely have any spare mental energy to tally an array of numbers and do some computations on them that I didn't quite understood the purpose. For what it's worth, the computations are algorithmic, and I have little difficulty learning and applying algorithms, even the relatively complex ones. The problem was that I don't know what those algorithms are--the steps to solve the computations--because I had frequent absences. I guess sleeping on the prelim exams was an overt indication of my confidence to pass the subject. Maybe not, I'll just have to see.
