# Morning
I wrote some short scripts for journal writing, and wrote a bit lengthy log/rant for the day.
Then I drew a wireframe for the UI that covers the general use case for the system. The UI part for specifying the routing table was sort of tricky since there was an added constraint that only records office can send and receive directly documents from other campuses, and that only records office that specify the route table in advance. The worse part is that I am not sure if I internalized the requirements properly. I've enumerated several cases, but I've settled the for the last case that makes a tradeoff of the second and third case. In brief words, the records office can build the document route for the local offices and up until there is an external office, to which will be routed to the other records office.

For instance:

campus 1 records
campus 1 office 2
campus 1 office 3
... (more local offices here) ...
campus 2 records
.......(no more offices can be added).........

Once campus 2 records office receives the document, he can similarly build the local routes until he sends it to an another campus.

The intermediates offices such as office 1 and 2 can only forward the documents designated by the records office. It is unclear to me whether they could override the destination, but I've designed the system such that it can handle the vague parts of the requirements.

----

# Afternoon
I've updated/added the campus model and migration, in conformance to the request that users should select first the campus, then select the list of offices, which looks something like |Campus ▼| -> |Office ▼|

Also, in response to request that there should only be one user account per office, I've changed the email to username in the model and I've started creating an actual login page. I was a sort of productive afternoon, if it wasn't for my stomach ache. There were periods of staring off into space, but that's just me doing some internal conflict resolution. 
