# Objectives
Generally speaking, my objectives has changed much since I first started, which is to churn out craploads of code until the system is put into deployment. But in more specific terms, my objective for the week would be to make changes to the codebase in conformance to the changed/added requirements. If I have time left, I'll start working on the frontend design.

I added one-liner scripts for writing daily and weekly journals, as mandated by the school. They have provided me with ISO journal forms, with four teensy rectangular boxes where I am supposed to serialize my thoughts and accomplishments. I have nothing against these ISO certified forms, but frankly it's hard to get in the mood of writing when I could only write at most two or three sentences per box. Someone would then say, hey you're supposed to write code, not write a novel. I know, brevity and succintness (if I spelled that correcly) is a skill unto itself, but I doubt I could accurately write my thoughts, struggles, tradeoff decisions and other things in a couple of sentences without compromising the whole picture.

I could say I wrote this and that code, and rewrote that and this code, day after day. Then after a week, they'd look at my screen and think "nothing has really changed, it's the same crappy UI I saw last monday". I look like a freeloading slacker. The thing about people who doesn't know much about programming and development is that their criteria of actual work done is measured by the shiny User Interfaces they see on the screen, or by the features such as being able to send emails and sms. It would help a lot if someone who has actual experience in non-trivial development projects could inspect my work and provide feedback if I am not deviating too much from the primary objectives. An excuse I could make if things don't work out well is that I am really just an intern--failure to ship the system is part of being under intership. Some would say I'm good at programming, which is to relatively true. On the other hand, I'm bad at casual communication and terrible when it comes to attending to stakeholders' needs--a skill that I keeps me from entering the industry.

To be fair, I am applying sufficient degree of effort to see this project to completion. It's a good thing I've used a version control though, so all the stuffs I've done is tracked and recorded. I'm practically almost working everyday, even on weekends! To hell with DTRs and 8:00 AM time-ins.

Well, I wrote this journal a wee bit too long. I'll probably do the productive work in the afternoon, I'm still a bit sleepy since I woke up at 3:30am and couldn't sleep until 6:00am.

